Position Description:	
Mohawk Medbuy Corporation (MMC) is a national, not-for-profit, shared services organization that supports hundreds of health care providers across Canada, as well as child welfare agencies and other public sector organizations. MMC provides value-driven contracting and procurement solutions for medical/surgical supplies, pharmaceutical products, local sourcing, capital (equipment, FF&E and redevelopment) and nutrition solutions. Other services include data analytics, in-hospital support, warehousing/logistics, technology, procure-to-pay, and accounts payable.

With an emerging focus on sustainability and reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples, MMC is actively supporting the creation of a resilient value chain that incorporates environmental, social and governance best practices. Based in Burlington, ON, the organization also has offices in Toronto, Thunder Bay, Kingston, Brantford, London and Chatham, and a distribution centre in Oakville.

We are currently recruiting for Applications Developer (Co-op) to support our Information Technology team.


Position Overview


The Applications Developer (Co-op) will join our Application Development team to design, implement and support "in-house" corporate systems and solutions that enable core organizational functions and ensure their high availability. The incumbent will provide support to other Solution Developers in the development, coding and testing of software solutions.


Key Responsibilities

Strategy & Planning
Participate in the design and implementation of application solutions under the guidance of senior developers.
Assist in documenting software requirements, technical specifications, and design decisions.
Help ensure development work adheres to established systems standards and organizational guidelines.
Support the team with planning and executing phases of the software development life cycle (SDLC) for assigned projects.
Conduct research on emerging technologies, tools, and best practices, and share findings with the development team.
Acquisition & Development
Where applicable, design, develop, & implement software, BI reports and functionality for corporate systems.
Participate in code reviews and apply feedback to improve code quality and maintainability.
Assist with software updates and minor enhancements under supervision.
Operational Management
Design and develop software programs, reports and applications according to specifications.
Identify, troubleshoot, and correct bugs and minor design issues with guidance from senior developers.
Identify and implement optimizations to code and processes to improve performance and resource intensive activities.
Write and maintain data queries to extract or manipulate large data sets.
Generate basic metrics, documentation, and reports for development activities as required.
Collaborate with team members to support and resolve issues related to applications and corporate systems.
When required, field incoming requests to the Service Desk via both telephone and e-mail to ensure courteous, timely and effective resolution of end user
Position Requirements:	
Qualifications and Skills

Good understanding of coding practices
Good understanding of SQL programming language.
Good understanding of programming languages, including C#, .net, Java, React.js
Excellent understanding of coding methods and best practices
Skill in the design, use and maintenance of relational databases, custom data models
Excellent knowledge of Power-BI, Power platforms, Report Builder

Education, Training, and Experience


Mandatory

Currently pursuing a University Degree or College Diploma in Programming, Computer Science and/or Database Development/Administration (or equivalent).
Knowledge of Agile development and project management methodologies.

Preferred

Hands-on experience developing test cases and test plans.
Experienced in Object Oriented Design and Programming.

Travel

Ability to travel to Mohawk Medbuy offices if required.

Hours: Full time (37.5 hours per week)


Duration: 16 weeks


Working Arrangement: Hybrid (Three days in office, two days remote)



Salary- $20-$24 per hour, dependent on experience.



Office Location: 1107 Clay Ave, Burlington, ON L7L 0A1


As a condition of employment, you are required to submit proof of full COVID-19 vaccination to Human Resources.


MMC is a Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan (HOOPP) employer offering a comprehensive benefits package and flexible remote work options. The targeted hiring range of this role is $20 - $24 per hour dependent on experience. This job posting is for a newly created vacancy.


Qualified candidates with a desire to join our innovative team are invited to submit their application in Dayforce. Mohawk Medbuy does not use artificial intelligence to screen, assess or select applicants.


We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. If contacted for an interview, please inform us should any accommodation be required. Mohawk Medbuy is committed to providing accessible employment practices that comply with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA).