About the job
About League

Founded in 2014, League is the leading healthcare consumer experience (CX) platform, powered by artificial intelligence (AI), reaching more than 63 million people around the world and delivering the highest level of personalization in the industry. Payers, providers, and consumer health partners build on League’s platform to deliver high-engagement healthcare solutions proven to improve health outcomes. League has raised over $285 million in venture capital funding to date, powering the digital experiences for some of healthcare’s most trusted brands, including Highmark Health, Manulife, Medibank, and Shoppers Drug Mart.

Data Engineer

Launch Your Data Engineering Career! Join our team and gain hands-on experience in building and maintaining data pipelines. You'll learn the fundamentals of ETL processes, data warehousing, software development, working with large datasets, and AI systems. Participate in designing and implementing data solutions, contributing to data quality initiatives, and exploring cutting-edge data technologies. This co-op is your chance to build a strong foundation in a rapidly growing field.

Some Things The Data Team Works On

Learning about real-time and batch pipelines with Python and SQL
Software Development, Terraform Deployment for fault-tolerant, scalable systems
Root cause analysis of production issues, performance tuning and optimization

Some of the technologies we use on the data engineering team include:

GCP, python/SQL, Airflow, Terraform, Looker

Your Career Experience So Far May Include

Exposure to data engineering projects and technologies
Hands on software development 
Previous engineering co-op experience

Security-related Responsibilities

Compliance with Information Security Policies
Compliance with League’s secure coding practice
Responsibility and accountability for executing League's policies and procedures
Notification of HR, Legal, Compliance & Security of any incidents, breaches or policy violations

As part of your application, please record a 1-minute video answering:

👉 “Why do you want to work at League?”

Upload your video to Google Drive or YouTube, and share the link in a clickable PDF with your application.

Please note: This is an in-office position at our Toronto HQ from Monday to Thursday and Fridays are work-from-home. We really value fostering in-person connection and collaboration which is especially advantageous as learning opportunity for a Co-op student.

CANADA APPLICANTS ONLY: The Canada-specific compensation range below for this full-time position is exclusive of bonus, equity and benefits. This range reflects the minimum and maximum target for base salaries for the position across all Canadian locations. The salary range is intentional to account for the performance and career progressions a Leaguer will experience in the role throughout their time at League. Where in the band you may land is determined by job-related skills/experience. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range specific to your skills and experience during the hiring process.

Compensation range for Canada applicants only

$25—$30 CAD

Our employees come from different backgrounds, and we celebrate those differences. We are looking for the best candidates for our open roles, but do not expect applicants to meet every qualification in order to be considered. If you are excited about what you could accomplish at League and believe you can add value to our team, we would love to hear from you.

We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you are an individual in need of assistance at any time during our recruitment process, please contact us at recruitinginfo@league.com.

Our Application Process

Applying to a role you love can be exhausting, and understanding the next steps can feel vague and uncertain. You have done the hard part of submitting your application; let's do ours by sharing potential next steps

You should receive a confirmation email after submitting your application.
A recruiter (not a computer) reviews all applications at League.
If we see alignment with League's needs, a recruiter will reach out to learn more about your goals. The recruiter will also share the team-specific interview process depending on the roles you are exploring.
The final step is an offer, which we hope you will accept!
Prior to joining us, we conduct reference and background checks. Additional checks could be required for US Candidates, depending on the role you are exploring.

Here are some additional resources to learn more about League:

Learn about our platform, leadership team and partners
Highmark Health, Google Cloud, League: new digital front door to seamless care
Former Providence President and Workday EVP of Corporate Strategy join League Board of Directors
League raises $95 million USD in Series C to build world’s leading healthcare CX platform
Forbes x League: The Platformization Of Healthcare Is Here
Fast Company x League: If we want better innovations in healthtech, we need more competition

Work Location:

We have a mix of office-centric roles based in our vibrant Toronto office, and remote-eligible roles based anywhere in Canada or US. Each job posting will indicate where the role will be based. Regardless of the role’s posted location, all Toronto-area Leaguers (living within 65 km of our downtown HQ) collaborate in-office Monday through Thursday. Depending on your distance to the office, you’ll enjoy 10 or 20 Flexible Remote Days each quarter for focus and deep-work time. We are committed to fostering a meaningful work environment and connections for all Leaguers regardless of location.

Recognize and Avoid Employment scams. Practice safe job searching.

Scammers are getting craftier and leveraging fake job postings to get personal information. Know the warning signs and protect yourself from scammers. Learn more here.

Use of AI Notice

We are committed to ensuring fairness and transparency throughout our hiring process. League may use Artificial Intelligence (AI) tools to assist in the screening of applicants for this position. Please check out our stance on using AI in recruitment here.
