bout the job
Summary

We're on a mission to improve Student Life – save students money and teach them how to shop smart! SPC connects students to the best brands and gives them access to exclusive discounts on relevant products, services and experiences. In turn, we provide our partners with a loyal base of student shoppers. 

Our team– a creative, team-first attitude motivated by grassroots thinking that focuses on the solution of bringing value to students, with our people at the centre of all that we do. We are all about ownership, giving each member the tools, support, and freedom to succeed. We value building careers with an eager-to-learn attitude to support each other’s success - inside and outside the organization. We are fun, scrappy, and aren't afraid to take risks. If this sounds like a team, you'd like to be a part of getting in touch! 

We are looking for a Junior Quality Assurance Specialist (co-op) to help us ensure that only the highest quality features are released. As a Junior QA Specialist, you will be supporting our team by designing, writing, documenting, and executing test plans and scripts for all stages of the product development lifecycle, following company-defined processes and methods.

Here's How You Will Impact SPC

Develops and executes manual and automated test scripts 
Identifies, investigates, reports and tracks bugs to closure using Jira 
Handles projects with changing priorities and concurrent deadlines 
Communicates test results, as well as any errors or issues discovered during testing, to QA team and developers 
Takes part in the planning and implementation of the testing and quality strategy for new and existing projects 
Leverage AI tools throughout the product development lifecycle to support ideation, prototype generation, user story creation, and iterative testing to improve product performance and speed to market. 
Champion AI adoption across the product and development function to streamline workflows, enhance decision-making, accelerate experimentation, and improve overall operational efficiency. 

The Soft Skills You Bring To The Team

Accountability: Being accountable and passing on accountability for one's own actions and those of colleagues and the organization. 
Communication: The ability to convey information to another effectively and efficiently and practice active listening. 
Adaptability: The ability to remain fully functional by adapting to changing circumstances (environment, procedures, people). 
Collaboration: The ability to work effectively with others on a common task; taking actions which respect the needs and contributions of others; contributing to and accepting the consensus; negotiating a win-win solution to achieve the objectives of the team 
Problem Analysis: The ability to detect problems, recognize important information, and link various data; to trace potential causes and look for relevant details. 
Time management: Planning and Organizing: The ability to determine goals and priorities and to assess the actions, time and resources needed to achieve those goals. 

The Technical Skills You Should Know

Web framework: VueJS, HTML, CSS 
Mobile Framework: React Native 
Back-end: Python Flask 
Infrastructure: Google Cloud Platform 

What You Contribute To The Team

2nd or 3rd year Student in Post-secondary education studying Computer Science, Engineering, the Sciences or Mathematics 
Experience in writing test cases and preparing test plans 
Eye for user experience 
Talent for finding bugs in websites or software 
Knowledge of programming fundamentals 
Knowledge of relational databases and database applications 
Strong analytical, problem-solving, and conceptual skills. 
A talent for breaking software 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Team orientation and sparkling interpersonal skills 
Solid Lunch Recommendations 

Here's What SPC Offers

VIP SPC Membership - Shop like a Student! 
SPC University - Develop your skills with a Training Credit 
Be Social - Company Sponsored Events both virtual and in-person 
Early Friday, Every Friday – we like to think it’s summer year-round 
Flexible Work – remote or in-person – it’s up to you 

How We Work

You aren’t just valued for your experience and skillsets, but equally for your growth mindset and attitude. We work as a flat organization, working collaboratively as a team and showing up every day as our authentic selves. Our team knows that creative solutions require a diverse approach to thinking and life experiences.

SPC is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. Our hiring process is inclusive of all candidates regardless of their race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or, disability status. Accommodations are available upon request for all aspects of the selection process.

It’s not a big deal if you don’t meet all our requirements. Only 1% of candidates will ever meet every single requirement posted on most job postings.

If you’ve read this far, click Apply Now!

The Pay Range For This Role Is

18 - 24 CAD per hour (Vaughan)