About the job
Who We Are; What We Do; Where We’re Going

Magnet Forensics is a global leader in the development of digital investigative software that acquires, analyzes, and shares evidence from computers, smartphones, tablets, and IoT-related devices. We are continually innovating so our customers can deploy advanced and effective tools to protect their companies, communities, and countries.

Serving thousands of customers globally, our solutions are playing a crucial role in modernizing digital investigations, helping investigators fight crime, protect assets, and guard national security.

With employees based around the world, Magnet Forensics has been expanding our global presence. As a part of Magnet Forensics, you can expect to make a difference in the world, no matter what role you play. You’ll be supported through learning and development, not to mention an incredible team with unbelievable talent and integrity.

If you think you would be the right person to join our team working towards this goal, we would love to hear from you!

Role Overview

At Magnet Forensics, you will be fully integrated into our software development team. You'll start by getting comfortable with the code, working through bugs and basic features, all the while writing code that will actually be seen in production. As you ramp, you’ll be given more complex features just like any other member of the team. In fact, some of the key features of our software were written by our students!

What We Are Looking For

You are a student working towards a degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering or a related discipline 

You’re strong at object-oriented programming (Languages: Java/JavaScript, C#, C++, Python)

You are accountable and take ownership of your projects 

You like working in a collaborative environment with smart, funny and interesting people

We hire passionate people who enjoy technical challenges. We love problem solvers who want to keep learning, individually and as part of the team. We want people who collaborate and help others. We foster a team environment where everyone is comfortable sharing their ideas, because we understand that with diversity of thought, we will build the best products.

Compensation & Benefits

At Magnet Forensics, we are committed to fair and consistent pay practices for our student roles. Hourly pay is determined using standardized, non-negotiable salary bands based on academic progression and the number of official completed work terms recognized by your academic institution.

$22.01 - $33.81 CAD per hour

Salary Range (min - max)

Position Type: Current Vacancy

Indicators of Success 

We’re looking for someone who checks off most, but not all, of the boxes listed in “skills and experiences”. It’s more important to us to find candidates who can display  indicators of success  through skills they have developed and experiences they have been a part of, than to find folks who have ‘been there, done that”. We want to be part of your development journey, and we’ll learn as much from you as you learn from us.

How We Work

At Magnet Forensics, we take a hybrid-flexible approach to support your productivity and work-life balance. If you’re within a comfortable travel distance to one of our offices, you’ll occasionally join us in person. How often you’ll come in depends on your department and team needs, typically ranging from weekly to monthly. These in-person moments help us build stronger connections, spark new ideas, and celebrate our successes together. Most days, you can choose what works best for you, while staying in tune with your team’s goals.

We’re excited to welcome you to our team and look forward to achieving great things together - both in the office and wherever you work best!

The Most Important Thing

We’re looking for candidates that can provide examples of how they have demonstrated Magnet  CODE  in their previous experiences:

CARE  – We care about each other and our mission to make a difference in the world.

OWN – We are accountable for our results – while never forgetting to act with integrity, empathy, and respect.

DEDICATE – We put our heart and soul into meeting the needs of our customers and helping them serve the people they protect.

EVOLVE – We are constantly innovating and exploring new ways to work together to make an impact with our work.

Here at Magnet Forensics, we are committed to continuous learning and are focused on building a diverse and inclusive workforce. This commitment will be reflected in our hiring processes and embedded in our values and how we treat one another. If you’re interested in this role, but do not meet all of the qualifications listed above, we encourage you to apply anyways. 

Magnet Forensics is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetics or any other basis forbidden under federal, provincial, or local law. We are committed to providing an inclusive, accessible recruitment process and work environment. Accommodation is available to all applicants upon request throughout the hiring process. Please contact   [email protected]  should you require any accommodations.

All offers of employment at Magnet are contingent upon satisfactory completion of a background check. All background checks will be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws. Magnet will consider each position’s job duties, among other factors, in determining what constitutes satisfactory completion of the background check. Refusal to consent to a background check may be grounds for revoking an offer of employment.

US Applicants: Magnet Forensics participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.

Magnet Forensics handles and uses personal data of job applicants in line with its Recruitment Privacy Policy found  here .